CNV-80551: Add info about removing unused resources and Operators from CNV (#107494)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-update-removing-unused.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/updating/upgrading-virt.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-update-removing-unused_{context}"]
= Remove unused Operators and resources

[role="_abstract"]

> As a cluster administrator who is updating {VirtProductName} from a previous version to version {VirtVersion}, you can remove certain Operators and resources that are no longer required. This can help you to free up space and resources on your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator who is updating {VirtProductName} from a previous version to version {VirtVersion}, you can remove certain Operators and resources that are no longer required. This can help you to reclaim space and resources on your cluster.
```
avoids phrasel verb "free up", which is a bit colloquial
